Add cilium/actions repository to REPOSITORIES.md (#401)
cilium/community: REPOSITORIES.md

|   Name  | Description |
|:--------|:------------|

> | [cilium/actions](https://github.com/cilium/actions) | Collections of Github Actions used by Cilium projects |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [cilium/actions](https://github.com/cilium/actions) | Collections of GitHub Actions used by Cilium projects |
```

To align with how _GitHub_ is spelled elsewhere in this document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [cilium/actions](https://github.com/cilium/actions) | A collection of GitHub Actions used by Cilium projects |
```

A tiny nit of a suggestion to be more consistent with other repo descriptions (unless there are multiple collections not just multiple actions!)
